Update Operator Docs Introduction (#109)
SovereignCloudStack/docs: docs/index.mdx

### IaaS Layer

#### Quick Start with Cloud-In-A-Box

The fastest way to get in touch with SCS is to deploy a SCS cloud virtually. The Cloud-In-A-Box was built explicitly for this scenario. Check it out [here](/docs/iaas/guides/deploy-guide/examples/cloud-in-a-box)

#### Reference Implementation Testbed

This means that you set up an SCS test installation including all the infrastructure
pieces such as database, message queueing, ceph, monitoring and logging, IAM, the
[OpenStack](https://openstack.org/) core services, and (soon) the Container layer
on top of an existing IaaS platform.

The SCS IaaS reference implementation is based on [OSISM](https://osism.tech/). Read on the
[OSISM testbed docs](https://docs.osism.de/testbed/) to learn how to get the
testbed running. Please read carefully through the
[deployment](https://docs.osism.de/testbed/deployment.html) section of the
manual.

### Container Layer

#### k8s Cluster API Provider

You can easily deploy the container layer on top of the testbed (or a production
SCS cloud of course) checking out the code from
[k8s-cluster-api-provider](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider/).

#### Cluster Stacks

> With Cluster Stacks, the V2 KaaS reference implementation, we provide an opinionated optimized configuration of Kubernetes clusters. Through better packaging, integrated testing, and bundled configuration SCS-based Kubernetes clusters can be individualized much easier.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Cluster Stacks, in the V2 KaaS reference implementation, we provide an opinionated optimized configuration of Kubernetes clusters. Through better packaging, integrated testing, and bundled configuration, SCS-based Kubernetes clusters provide easier individualization.  
```

> Throughout the R6 development cycle Cluster Stacks are taken from a technical preview to be [functional and available on top of the IaaS reference implementation](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/issues/milestone/8) as well to replace the V1 KaaS reference implementation [k8s-cluster-api-provider](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider/).  

Reviewer: ```
Throughout the R6 development cycle Cluster Stacks are taken from a technical preview to be [functional and available on top of the IaaS reference implementation](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/issues/milestone/8) as well to replace the V1 KaaS reference implementation [k8s-cluster-api-provider](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider/).  
```

@chess-knight Could you reword this? I believe that cluster stacks will be used as part of the `k8s-cluster-api-provider`, not instead or as a replacement.

Reviewer 2: AFAIK `k8s-cluster-api-provider` is **KaaS v1** reference implementation and `cluster-stacks` is **KaaS v2** so it can be called a *replacement*.

> The Cluster Stacks can already be tried out in a [demo](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks-demo). Although this is based on the non production ready provider Docker, the usage is the same for every provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cluster Stacks can already be tried with the [demo](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks-demo) repository. Although this is based on the not-production-ready Docker provider, the usage is the same for every provider.
```

### Public SCS Clouds in production

> Find the current number of scs compatible clouds [here](https://docs.scs.community/standards/certification/overview#compliant-cloud-environments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the current list of scs compatible clouds [here](https://docs.scs.community/standards/certification/overview#compliant-cloud-environments).
```

Reviewer 3: nit: SCS instead of scs

### Development of SCS

> While the SCS projects tracks the efforts across the released in epics and userstories, the work on the code happens upstream - as such these repositories are usually not found in the SCS GitHub organization. Whenever possible SCS works directly in the upstream projects into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the SCS project tracks the efforts across the released epics and user stories, the work on the code, whenever possible, happens upstream. As such, these repositories are usually not found in the SCS GitHub organization. SCS works directly in the following upstream projects:
```

- CNCF projects,
- OpenStack,
- kolla-ansible,
- OSISM and others.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All code not pushed upstream can be found in the [SCS Github organization](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack).
```

### Issues and Bugs

> If you can identify the affected component, raise the issue against the relevant repository in the SovereignCloudStack or OSISM space. Otherwise you can use the [issues repository](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/issues). We appreciate PRs as well as issues; please don't forget to sign off your contributions see [contributor guide](https://docs.scs.community/community).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can identify the affected component, raise the issue against the relevant repository in the SovereignCloudStack or OSISM space. Otherwise, you can use the [issues repository](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/issues). We appreciate PRs as well as issues; please don't forget to sign off your contributions see [contributor guide](https://docs.scs.community/community).
```

### Contribute and Connect

Please see the [SCS contributor guide](https://docs.scs.community/community).

### Releases and Roadmap

See our Release Notes [here](https://docs.scs.community/docs/category/releases)

## Standards, Conformity and Certification

> How to get compliant? With what am I compliant then? What are the benefits? What does it involve? What to expect in the future? Learn more in the [standards section](https://docs.scs.community/standards).

Reviewer: > With what am I compliant then?

I'm not sure about this here. This does not fit here for me. But maybe it's okay. Maybe something like "With what do I need to be compliant?"

SCS is built, backed, and operated by an active open-source community worldwide.

## Architectural Overview

<ArchitecturalModel jsonFilePath="data/architecturalOverviewData.json" />

## Use Cases and Deployment Examples

### IaaS Layer

#### Quick Start with Cloud-In-A-Box

The fastest way to get in touch with SCS is to deploy a SCS cloud virtually. The Cloud-In-A-Box was built explicitly for this scenario. Check it out [here](/docs/iaas/guides/deploy-guide/examples/cloud-in-a-box)

#### Reference Implementation Testbed

This means that you set up an SCS test installation including all the infrastructure
pieces such as database, message queueing, ceph, monitoring and logging, IAM, the
[OpenStack](https://openstack.org/) core services, and (soon) the Container layer
on top of an existing IaaS platform.

The SCS IaaS reference implementation is based on [OSISM](https://osism.tech/). Read on the
[OSISM testbed docs](https://docs.osism.de/testbed/) to learn how to get the
testbed running. Please read carefully through the
[deployment](https://docs.osism.de/testbed/deployment.html) section of the
manual.

### Container Layer

> #### k8s Cluster API Provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### K8s Cluster API Provider
```
